[DataGrid] Rename onColumnResizeCommitted to onColumnWidthChange (#1967)
mui-org/material-ui-x: docs/pages/api-docs/data-grid/x-grid.md

| <span class="prop-name">onColumnHeaderLeave</span> | <span class="prop-type">(param: GridColumnHeaderParams, event: React.MouseEvent) => void</span> |   | Callback fired when a mouse leave event comes from a column header element. |
| <span class="prop-name">onColumnOrderChange</span> | <span class="prop-type">(param: GridColumnOrderChangeParams, event: React.MouseEvent) => void</span> |   | Callback fired when a column is reordered. |

> | <span class="prop-name">onColumnResize</span> | <span class="prop-type">(param: GridColumnResizeParams) => void</span> |   | Callback fired when a column is resizing. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| <span class="prop-name">onColumnResize</span> | <span class="prop-type">(param: GridColumnResizeParams) => void</span> |   | Callback fired while a column is being resized. |
```

> | <span class="prop-name">onColumnWidthChange</span> | <span class="prop-type">(param: GridColumnResizeParams) => void</span> |   | Callback fired when a column is resized. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| <span class="prop-name">onColumnWidthChange</span> | <span class="prop-type">(param: GridColumnResizeParams) => void</span> |   | Callback fired when the width of a column is changed. |
```
